09-10-2025

'Another day, another dollar' I think to myself, sitting at the front of the class of students I just tought, drinking my (tragically) room temperature Monster Peach Tea Rehab, after doing the very laberous task of saying some words at slighlty louder then normal speaking volume.

I must persist internally as the person who i want to be. The person who is calm and collected. The person who is creattive and sharp. Who is witty and sexy and funny and charming and calm and mysterioius and a millionare and a billionare and who is kind and generous and loving and caring and empathetic and smart and wise and intelligent and well read and cultured and interesting and fun and spontaneous and adventurous and daring and bold and brave and courageous and grounded and aware of her vices and speaks eloquently and is honest and direct but softly and intentionally and who is a good friend and a good partner and a good lover and a good person.

Who is all these things. I must persist in being this person internally. I must persist in being this person externally. Then surley i'll be invited to Paris and Seoul and Shanghai and Rome and London and New York and Tokyo and Singapore (God, I love Singapore) and LA and  and Cairo and Hong Kong and San Fransico and Barcelona and Madrid and Lisbon and Amsterdam and Brussels and Berlin and Prague and Vienna and Budapest and Athens and Istanbul and Dubai and  Beijing and and Bangkok and Singapore again, and Kuala Lumpur and Jakarta.

I must persist in being this person. I must persist in being this person. I must persist in being this person.

I must persist in being this person. I must persist in being this person. I must persist in being this person.

My internal world is where the magic happens. Welcome to the magic. The 3D will reflect, once the old tape plays out.