12-10-2025

Sometimes I wonder if I can do it. I think about the things i want, and who I want to be, and wonder why. Why do I want these things - why do I feel such a sense of urgency to get somehwere, and so unsatisfied with where I am, that I become insufferable to be around, especially to those who love me most.

I can be ungrateful sometimes. To those around me, trying to support me. When im chasing dreams, obsessed with this idea of "growth" and "moving forward", I can be dismissive of the present, and of those who are here with me now. I can be impatient, irritable, and selfish. I can be so focused on the future that I forget to appreciate the present. Espeically when the present is good, and comfortable, and safe.

Today, when washing the plates, I started crying. I was thinking about how much I want to be somewhere else, doing something else, as a different person, with different people. I was thinking about how much I want to be more successful, more accomplished, more admired. I was thinking about how much I want to be loved. And all the while, I am here, washing the plates, with warm water soothing my hands, a cool breeze coming through the window, Tom Ford calogne on my skin. 

Im less then a year out from graduating my PhD, being in law school, one step closer to my "where I want to be", and yet I am crying here now, because I feel so far away. Isn't that ridiculous? When I think about it, I feel ridiculous.

I am wishing away the present moment, wishing away the people who love me, wishing away the life I have now, in pursuit of some future ideal which I hope will provide me with the satisfaction that is on the plate infront of me now, but which I am too blind to see.

